1. Description of spyware is too general. There are many spyware prorgams that may not behave
   the way it was described in the paper. For example, spyware that does not send data through
   HTTP requests, or only sends data periodically, instead of every time a user access a URL.



2. LCS is different from LCSeq. 

   I have changed all reference to Longest Common Subsequence to LCSeq to avoid confusion.


3. Cannot handle multiple spyware running concurrently

   Described in limitation section, first bullet point.


4. More experiments; comparison with Siren

   Only did one more (AOL toolbar), but I decided not to add it.
   Unable to obtain the same set of spyware as Siren. I didn't address this in the paper.


5. How do we deal with scripting application?

   We don't deal with this directly. However, if there is suspicion that some scrpting
   application is causing problems, then we can run NetSpy to see if there is indeed
   a problem with the scripting application.  I didn't address htis in the paper.


6. Comparison against firewall application


7. Additional references and related work

   -- added BENDER, ScriptGen (in related work section).  BENDER is very closely
      related to our work

   -- added references to automatic signature generation in the area of worms and viruses
      (see related section). Work added are autograph, polygraphy, HoneyComb, and PAYL.

   -- added reference to Region Analysis (future work)


8. The paper should not use the work "packet" in places like Section 2.1, because
   it in fact deals with network traffic data at application protocol level (e.g., HTTP)

   I have changed most reference to packet to "traffic" or "request". There is still
   a few places where I kept the word "packet" because it makes sense in those parts.


9. How to deal with background noise such as email, automatic updates, etc?

   whitelist known bening servers. Added in section 2.2. Step 1. (Changebar)


10. How to make NetSpy work in large enterprise environments as claimed in Section 2.2?


11. How to turn NetSpy into an on-going process?


12. How well does the Snort signatures work?

	Snort was able to detect the spyware traffic using our signatures. 


13. The claim that it is easy to extend NetSpy to standalone application is too boasting...

    Got rid of this


14. Reference network statistics might change frequently

    Added a long discussion in Section 2.2 (changebar)


15. How SSL affects	NetSpy

	
